Well, good evening everybody. Merry
Christmas from our house to yours. We
pray you had a wonderful Christmas with
your family and friends, or whatever
y'all
did. If you had something good to
eat, you celebrate Jesus.
Jesus is the reason for the
season. Wasn't it wonderful to celebrate
our King today?
We had our birthday cake, and Paisley
said, "Daddy, we got to go get
Jesus a birthday cake."So we went to
the ice cream store. They had
ice cream cakes,
and
Paisley said, "Do you think he'd want ice
cream cake today?"I said, "Well, I
think that's better than the one we got
last year."So we went and got one
of those. Paisley was so
excited. The
lady asked, "Who do you want to put
on the birthday cake?"and we said,
"Jesus, it's his birthday."She just
looked at us like we're nuts. She said,
"I won't put it on there; I'll have the
other lady do it,"because she was not a
Christian. But that was all right because we
got to share the light of God
to that lady in the cake store. It
was
pretty neat.
People don't get it, but we love to
celebrate Jesus. I
was out and I was
praying this morning
and I said, "Lord, do you want me to
do a live stream today
for your birthday? I will do
it."He
said, "Yes. Could you do me a
favor? Don't make it
traditional.
I want you to tell them something
different. Everybody has focused
on my first coming
today,
that I came and
sacrificed my life for you. But
Brandon, I'm coming again
and I want you to tell them what you saw
in the tribulation.
I want you to go over and
shake them
because I'm coming.
Many people
are asleep;
many people don't realize the
seriousness of the hour,
Brandon."I
said, "Lord, that's not a traditional
Christmas message, but I'll do what
you asked me to do."He said, "I came
once and I'm coming again, Brandon. I'm
coming again.
A lot of the people are asleep;
they don't realize the seriousness of
the hour."As
I sat
there picking
up some sticks in the yard and
praying,
I said, "Yes, Lord. I'll do it for
you."He
said, "I want you to tell them
again what you saw and what's coming.
I want you to
go over the
things."So,
that's what we're going to do.
Some of you have already heard this
or
probably heard it more
than once,
but I know that there's many
people—maybe
you're at your relatives'right now
watching us live or
you'll
watch the playback later—who haven't heard it.
It's for you and a refresher for the
ones that need it.
We'll go over a little bit. Donné
Clement
yesterday had
Trey
Smith.
I never heard of this man before, but she
had him on there. They were
going over prophecies that her daddy had
given
that have not come to pass yet. She
brought up Edward Snowden
and she said Brandon had seen this and
a
new glimpse of Edward Snowden. I
thought the video was really good
yesterday. People encouraged us
and
said, "Brandon, you got to watch
this."They
emailed it to us, and so we
watched
that and
listened to everything that Donné
Clement said—the
words that her father
gave before he went
home.
I thought it was really interesting, some
of the things that were said about
the Supreme Court judges. This is what
we've been praying over.
I've been praying over three Supreme
Court judges; we kept seeing that
concerning a lot of things in the days
ahead. He said very embarrassing
moments
will happen whenever a new Edward
Snowden comes on the scene.
I thought about everything the
Lord had showed us in prayer about the
new Edward Snowden and all the sex
trafficking. He said it would make
the Epstein list look like a walk in the
park
for what was about to be exposed.
The Epstein list was like child's play.
We're so focused on something that is
like a small percentage of all the
corruption that is about to be exposed by
this new Edward Snowden.
What the Lord showed us in our
prayer time is that it would go
back
generations—it
would go back
decades, like a
hundred
years'worth
of corruption.
Decades
of
files—and
if everybody remembers those file
cabinets that I saw that were stored,
every one of them had a year and
it went clear back past the 1970s.
I've been praying over that a lot.
What I know is coming for the shaking to
awaken:
2026,
2027, 2028.
The urgency of the hour—there's no
urgency in the church and where we're
going.
I want to give
all the glory to Jesus. We didn't have
any Catholic churches attacked or any
candlelight
services attacked across
America or around
the world. From what I understand, I have
not seen from Braden news anything in
the news concerning any kind of major
terrorist plots or anything that
happened to anybody during our Christmas
celebrations. We just give all the
glory to Jesus
because we know that he's the one
that protects us. It was so
heavy on my heart
praying over our churches and
our places of worship during
this Christmas season, that no weapon
formed against any of us would prosper
as we gathered together to give Jesus
glory for his beautiful birth.
I truly believe
that was a miracle. Nothing happened in
France, nothing happened
even at the Vatican—no place in America.
It was crickets,
and I just thank Jesus. I believe
that is a result of prayer
and we have to continue to pray even
going up into the first of the year, New
Year's Eve,
and
all the mass gatherings.
We'll continue to pray on this channel
until next Wednesday,
praying
for protection for all the people
gathered together.
This is a very serious time, as many
people know.
We prayed over the Christmas
holiday season and all the shopping. We
just have a little bit more
shopping with the people that
give gift cards and what they
want to spend after the Christmas
season on the 26th and 27th.
But folks, what I really believe with
what we saw uncovered
in London with the mass
terrorists with the AKs and all the
stuff that they uncovered—they said that
they were planning one of the largest
terror plots that London had ever
seen.
They stopped these men from
doing this, and it was all over the news
in England.
There
were
two or three
men.
I saw
three men in a van
that looked like an old Beetle that were
driving down the road in France,
and they jumped out of the
car and they were slashers.
The Lord warned us to pray over
these men with knives that were
using the van as a weapon and the
knives to jump out, and they tried to get
people on a bridge. I saw a bridge. Now,
we stopped this. I believe we
had a major part in praying over this
because
I saw this kind of stuff. This is
what I'm talking about even to the
weapon. Remember, and that was what about
radio
and all this stuff? That's the same
weapons. Do you get that, folks? We have
power and authority to tread on serpents
and scorpions, and nothing shall by any
means hurt us. We are called to pray, and
prayer changes things. Most people
go, "Well, Brandon, I want to see things
happen."No,
that’s
a prayer fail. We don’t want
to see—this is what we want to see right
here: these suckers behind bars
and not able to hurt nobody with
all their craziness that they want
to do to our nation and to the world.
This is what we want happening. All
three men were busted. That’s in
England.
And so I’m excited about that one
right there because with those kinds of
magazines and that kind of weaponry, you
can hurt a lot of folks.
So glory to Jesus for stopping those
idiots.
We’re
excited about it. You
can see they’re lost in
their eyes; they’re just crazy.
Look at their eyes.
The eyes are the gateway to the soul,
man. You can see
it—just
full of the devil.
Especially the bald-headed guy right
there; he just looks angry and
vicious.
But you know what? Praise the Lord that
we stopped him and the law enforcement
got him. Now, we continue to pray.
I know the Lord showed me 1,000 men and
women in our country. And if we go
back to what He said: do not
stereotype.
They’re
not always going to look like
this.
The Lord said, "They’ve infiltrated your
NSA. They’ve infiltrated your Homeland
Security. They’ve infiltrated your
Pentagon. They’ve infiltrated even to
the highest levels of government, and
you don’t even realize that you have
rats
within."How
many times the Lord has told us you
have rats within—in your local police
department, in your FBI, you
have rats within. And they
don’t
come out the stereotype.
Just because you don’t have a turban on
your head and you don’t have some kind
of
Allahu Akbar or whatever they all
say—I
butchered that
probably—but
just because they don’t look
like some terrorist doesn’t mean
they’re
not one. You’ve got to be smarter in these
days because
they’re
disguising themselves as just
like the guy next door, and
you’ll
be like, "I wasn’t expecting that."And
that’s
what the Lord warned us
about. So we will continue to pray a
divine protection over everyone,
that no weapon formed against
them will prosper and that we have
power and authority. That’s why
we talk about Sister Billye's book all
the time, "The Authority of the
Believer"and
how to use it. And this is her little
booklet that we read day in
and day out.
We take our place of authority,
seated
with Him in the heavenlies, far
above all principalities and powers. And
I want you to do that. We
have got to, in the days
ahead, use Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and
get that rooted in your heart. You must
have a foundation of Psalm 91 and
Psalm
23 for what I have seen coming.
There is a great storm coming,
and many people do not realize the
seriousness of the hour. So, is that
all?
We didn’t have a
lot of news, did we?
I’m
going to jump right into it.
I mean, I showed you
the
flooding.
We had a lot of flooding in Los Angeles,
I believe it was, right?
I pray
everybody’s
safe out there. If you’re watching this
and you know about the floods, tell us
down below. You saw a
lot of destruction from those floods in
Los Angeles.
That’s
a lot of rain really quick.
It’s
not normal.
I told you
weaponized
weather warfare—weather manipulation
is coming.
With weaponizing weather and
trying to control the weather, they will
lose control. And then I saw—one more thing—I saw
the regrouping in
Iran with Syria, with
Hezbollah, and
Gaza, and all the things that the Lord
said. They will pull back and
they’ll
regroup and get ready to retaliate
again. But this time it will be like
October the 7th, but at
night.
How many times the Lord showed us they
are regrouping to attack again at night
when they’re sleeping?
This is all them saying
they’re
getting ready.
They’re
rebuilding
for their next war. And this is what the
Lord warned us about. But then I saw
Cairo, Egypt. I saw
another plot coming out of
Africa that down through Egypt and going
up, and the Lord showed us this in
another vision. He warned us about
praying for Israel and praying for the
peace of Jerusalem, that
we are about to see Ezekiel 38 and
39. I truly believe we’re about to see
Ezekiel 38 and 39. The other part of
what I believe the Lord has showed us is
that Putin will not just stop with
Ukraine; he wants all
of the old Soviet Union back.
And the Lord warned us that he’ll come after
Romania.
He’s
coming after Poland,
and he’ll split there. I saw a
proxy government coming in. I saw all
these major events taking place with
this
escalation of things.
But it forked,
and Trump was trying to go this
way and this was going this way.
And this was concerning
Macron and Zelensky and the EU
concerning they want
war. Why? Because it’s all part
of the plan to bring forth the Mahdi.
It’s
all part of the plan. That’s
where we’re
fixing to go to right now.
It’s
all part of the plan to bring forth the
end of the end:
a one-world order, a
one-world
government, a one-world currency.
All these major things are about to take
place, ladies and gentlemen. And Jesus
Christ is coming.
We’re
about to see a new global currency
with digital, with crypto, and all these
things that they’re going to use with
CBDCs and
Bitcoin and
some other ones—five major
pillars. And I’ve talked about those
five major pillars over and over
again—what
they will use—and they
will trickle down and all the others
will fall like stars.
They will bring in regulations and they
will bring in rules concerning crypto in
the days ahead. They’ll bring in laws
that govern and bring stability to it
so
that it will not be so volatile, and
they'll bring in stability to crypto,
but they’ll bring in regulation and laws
so that people are not able to hide and
do things. Then
it’ll
be a
surveillance state. Remember the things
I’m
telling you because it’s coming
as fast as lightning
through 2026, 2025, 2027, 2028.
After September the 23rd,
the Lord said, "You have entered
into the point of no return."For as
labor pains upon a woman, so will it be
when the Son of Man returns. Look at
this, ladies and gentlemen. The labor
pains are intensifying.
And the Lord said to me,
"What do you mean by the point of no
return?"That's
when you can't get an epidural.
You're at the point of no epidural. Do
you understand? It’s like whenever
they
say, "You’re dilated enough, honey.
You can’t
have the epidural. You waited too long.
It’s
time to push."And that’s where the
Lord said we’re at the pushing stage
of all this.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and
gentlemen.
The Bible said that in the last
days men will be lovers of
themselves.
Not only
lovers of self, but they will mock
and say, "Oh, where is the
promise of His
coming?"You
are just off your rocker.
I’m
trying to tell you, you better get
yourself ready.
As in the days of Noah, so will it
be. Look around you with all this AI. AI
is about to accelerate like you’ve never
seen it before.
The Lord said it's a new industrial
revolution with AI. If you thought the
dot-com era was a big deal,
it
was nothing
compared
to these
supercomputers with super information
and this information explosion that
we're about to see with AI.
AI is about to run things like you've
never seen—I'm telling you, folks, you
need to get ready. AI is about to really
show up and show off, and you're going
to go, "Wow, they've got cures for
cancer. They've got cures for
all kinds of
things."And
you go, "Well, Brandon, I
already know about ivermectin."No, I'm
talking about things that will be over
the counter. And you say,
"Why?"Because
they want you to trust it.
They want you to be friends with it.
And as you embrace AI,
it's going to start to brainwash you.
You're going to go, "Oh, it's a friend.
Don't you realize it's a
friend?"AI,
the Lord said, "Don't embrace it.
Harness
it."Remember
what he said? You're
not going to be able to get away from
ChatGPT and all these things.
You must harness it.
Don't embrace it. Don't make it your
buddy
for what's coming. You need to
understand a new
digital age: social credit
scores and
digital ID. All the major things are
about to start to really come on the
scene in 2026 and 2027.
And
the Lord... sorry,
Braden—we're
talking to Braden—tells me all kinds of
stuff that they're getting ready to pass in
other countries,
especially Canada. And
this goes with what the Lord showed us
about Canada, Australia, and Europe in
the days ahead, that they will be the
forerunners because we've got Trump in
there. You will be so thankful
that Trump is in office. We must pray
for his safety and his security over the
next three years.
Not only do I pray for the next
president if the Lord tarries—I pray
that He doesn't; I hope He comes back in
2028—but
if we're still here,
we've
got to pray for
the
2026 midterms and
for what's coming.
I personally would love to
see Don Jr. run for president. Now,
that's just me. I don't like
JD Vance that much; I like Don Jr., but
I see he has more of a—his countenance
is better. I do not like JD Vance's
eyes;
there's something wrong.
So, you can believe what you want to
believe, but I don't like the
man. I like Don Jr. I would even do
Rubio.
I'd even do the guy in Florida,
too—Ron
DeSantis.
So,
whatever.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if Trump could
run a third term?
I would take it. I'd be like, "Let's vote
for Trump again, third term."But you
can't do that.
I'd
believe God for his son to come. But
I haven't had a real
clear direction on that, so I'm not
saying it's prophetic.
I saw
that the pick would be JD
Vance.
That's what I saw, but I'm fighting
it in the spirit realm. I don't want
that.
The Lord showed me that he was
not right, and he'll come out
splitting off of MAGA in the days
ahead. And so you say, "Well, Brandon, I'm
going to go with that."Well, that's
fine. I'm not trying to tell you how to
vote; I'm just telling you what I think.
It's my opinion.
Everybody is entitled to their
opinion, and you don't have to always
agree with what I believe. If
you
don't like what
I
say, well, that's fine,
but I still pray. We're still here to
pray.
That's why it's really hard to talk
about politics, especially in church.
People get real cranky about
things, especially around family. You get
around the holidays and you start
talking about politics and religion; boy,
people get ticked off.
I'm
not
changing who I am.
I'm going to be bold as a lion, even more
so in these days ahead. You may not
like what I say, but at least you
know what I think.
There's no hiding it with Diana,
Braden, and me; we are really bold
about what we believe, and we're going to
tell you if you want to
listen to us. So, all right, let's get to
it.
Way too
far, but hey, where else do you have to
be right now?
On July
6,
2014, I had an out-of-body
experience with Jesus.
I was taken to the Tribulation.
I'm going over this experience
that I had with Him
that changed my life forever.
This was one of the most
intense encounters I've ever had.
I didn't expect this to happen.
In fact, after it happened and
I woke her up the next day and told her
what happened, it was hard. I didn't
talk about it for a
long time.
We just kept it
to ourselves.
I told some family
members, but I think most
people thought I was
hallucinating
because
back then they didn't even have drones
in the sky. They didn't even talk about
some of this stuff,
and now we're seeing it in the news
all the time. The things that I saw in
the
Tribulation are escalating all the
time.
I was taken to this place right here.
The moment I woke, Jesus
was standing right next to me
and we were at a courthouse.
You see this
courthouse?
You can play a little bit of it; I'll go
over it while you're seeing it.
That's the
courthouse. I was standing right here at
this corner,
looking up, and there was
lightning all around. There
were
lightning bolts flashing, and
the sky was completely alive.
It lasted for hours, but there was no
storm in sight.
It
was just lightning and clouds,
the most intense lightning
storm I've ever seen. This lady from
the front ran up to me right
there, screaming
and acting
completely crazy. I
said, "What's wrong with you?"She goes,
"Don't you know all the Christians are
gone?
All the Christians are
gone!"As
I turned,
everything was on fire in the
neighborhoods.
I saw cars being looted. The
peace that was on our
area was completely
gone for the first time. The covering of the church in
prayer was completely gone because
we bring a covering. We don't realize
the peace that we bring to the earth.
We are the salt and the light.
When
we are removed with the
Rapture—and
there's a lot of people who say
they
don't believe in the Rapture, but that's
your problem; it happens,
I saw it—we're taken out. We're lifted
up out of here. When
that happens, we, the restrainer,
are
removed by the
Holy Ghost inside of us,
and
all hell breaks loose.
Everybody is burning. You thought
the George Floyd protests and all that
stuff that happened with BLM—Black Lives Matter—starting back
in
2020 was
something?
That was nothing compared to
what happens at the Rapture of the
church.
It was literal hell on earth.
The moment the church is removed,
there is
no peace. It's absolute fear.
Fear has torment. When people lose
that sense of peace,
they look like wild animals.
I looked over and could see them
burning all of the city. People were
just going nuts. Mothers were looking
for their children,
screaming, "Where are my babies?""Where
are
my children?"they asked as they
were running through the streets looking
for their kids.
They had pictures and everything
in their hands, running and asking, "Do you see him?
Do you know where he is? Have you seen
him?"They
were asking everybody, "Have you
seen him? Have you seen
him?"This
was going on because all the
children
from newborns up to the age of fifteen were
completely gone.
I asked the
Lord about that, and He said
that
is
the age of accountability.
Then He said, "Brandon, all the others
will be left if they don't know
me."I
saw all this that I am showing
to
you. Go ahead, you can play some of it.
I filmed it because the town
we lived in at the time is where I was
taken to in the future.
I want to show you—can you play
any of it?
This is a football field right
down from the courthouse. Everybody
brings their Bibles because the
Antichrist tells everyone they
have to bring their
Bibles to the
courthouses. At
the
courthouse I showed you
down the street where
I was at the beginning,
they all bring their
Bibles later on
and there are
stacks of Bibles everywhere.
The Antichrist forces you to, and then
they bring them to this football field
right here called Jelsma Stadium.
They burn them by the tens of
thousands,
stacked a story high—a huge fire in the
middle of this field.
You see that green field? That's going
to be one in the future. I saw it burning
full of Bibles.
This is a video I made
several years ago. It
is
a
stadium, a bowl like that, and
it's really deep,
showing
how big the stack
of Bibles is. It is similar to
when
Hitler burned all the books and
Bibles. You saw it during Indiana Jones,
and that is similar to
what I saw when I was
standing with
Jesus
when they burned them. I saw the smoke;
it
goes up for miles. You can see it
from
all around.
That will come in
the future. It's coming, I'm telling
you. I'm just letting you all
know it is time to get right with
Jesus before it's too late. If your
heart's not right with Jesus, you need
to repent today because there is coming a
time shortly when you won't have
time to repent anymore. It's over. Jesus
Christ is coming.
I
just want to be real
with you all; it's time to get real with
God because
Jesus is coming and the Rapture of the
church is going to take place. Now, show
this again, son. You can show it better
from
the front. That's the courthouse
where they bring all the Bibles in the
future. You are mandated by the
Antichrist with that flag. He's going to
have his thing on there to have that
done. You will see that
eventually in the future.
Here's
another building from the Masons.
This is another building that you will
see during the Tribulation. They will
have this building for the Antichrist
and for his people. Watch, it will
happen. Just remember I told you.
I'm not trying to be sarcastic;
it's just time to be real
and
get serious. We're running out of time.
There's a great revival about to
happen to this earth. We're about to
see a major outpouring of the Spirit of
God and a
billion-soul
harvest. I've
been in prayer interceding for the
things that are coming. I
want to show you downtown where the
people will come. Look, you can
pan up downtown. All these old brick
buildings of this old historic town
are
where the people come. This
will be a major hub. I don't know why
they pick here.
Do you see this flag? No, go
back to the flag
after he becomes the Antichrist.
This is where
they worship every Friday
at a certain time.
He brings in his own flag. I'll
try
to tell you what this flag
looks like. He puts the five pillars of
Islam as stars above the flag.
I had my son create this flag out
of what I saw when I was in the Tribulation
with Jesus. It's green, white, and
black.
They take those sickles and the
swords and wrap them around the globe
for the UN.
They take the five pillars of Islam and put them
above,
and everyone calls him the Mahdi.
They worship him on Fridays.
Everyone is required to come and praise
and worship him at this place
on Fridays every single week.
This is what it looks like;
I had him create it. They all are in
single-file
lines and they come on
measured
screens that are put on the sides of
buildings. Every single person is
bowing down and worshiping the
Antichrist on screens all throughout the
states
with his flag on the buildings instead
of the United States flag.
They take it down and put his up. They
are
all
in white
gowns.
Now show the building
right here.
This is the
major temple that they will
worship at every single Friday. Ladies
and gentlemen, I'm telling you, it's
coming.
It's
hundreds of years old,
but this is where they will go.
They'll
have massive screens all on the
side of this building so that you can
worship the Antichrist on Friday. So if
you don't believe in the Rapture and you
want to be left here, that's fine. You
can come here and worship the Antichrist
or you can go get your head cut off
because
that's what's going to happen.
I'm
not trying to be crude, but I'm
being real.
Let's turn right here.
Like I said, these are the
grounds.
There was a massive screen right there,
a
humongous screen. It
points out this way and shows the
people going that way.
It's
a
massive
building,
and
these
are
all the
grounds.
The lines
will go back and forth all the way
across, and there will be a massive screen
on
that
brown building right
here. One day, there
will
be a massive screen on that
building and the people will
see it and worship that way.
They come
from everywhere around this area and
this little town
to worship him. See, they have their
Scottish
Rite
signs there, and they
come here and have big meetings.
This is how big all the land is.
Now I'm going to show you
the courthouse. Remember, I told
everybody we have to
fast forward to when
I had the visitation from
the Lord.
There was no Starbucks in the town.
There was an old barbecue house there
and
a Taco Bueno. I told Diana and
the kids,
"One day
that building will be a Starbucks.
There'll be a Starbucks right here on
this corner."When I went to
the
Tribulation, there was a Starbucks
there. Everybody said, "Oh, Brandon,
they'll
never be able to afford a Starbucks in
this town because it's just
a little bitty
town."But
the Lord said to me when I was in
the
Tribulation with him, "There'll be a
Starbucks there,"because I saw it. There
was lightning all above the Starbucks.
Over the years, they
had a barbecue house there. They
had the Taco Bueno there, and then
a Chinese food place—or
was it
Chinese food? No, it was
barbecue Chinese. They also had
the Taco Bueno. One day I was
driving by, and I asked the lady at the building next door
because they had bulldozed it
all down. I
asked,
'Why did they bulldoze the taco
place down?'She said, 'They're going to
put a Starbucks
there.'I
literally
had goosebumps
on goosebumps because everything I had seen about the Tribulation and what the Lord showed us was coming to pass. I was standing over at
the Braum's next door. Now listen to
this:
this is the Starbucks.
This was not here. Like I told
you, that was the barbecue house. This
was a Taco Bueno, then they bulldozed it down and turned
it
into the Starbucks. I
wanted to show you
prophetically that it looks like some things
will never happen. You
might
go,
'Wow,'because
like I said, when I was with
Jesus, I was standing
over there by that Braum's. Show them
that there's a Braum's over
there; it's an ice cream store.
We were standing over there in the
corner when I was in
the
Tribulation with the Lord and all
this stuff was going
on—rioting
and all the things were
happening.
I could see that there was a
Starbucks and lightning in
the sky. I told you all there was
lightning after the Rapture of the
church—a
lot of lightning. It's
weird, and I don't know why, but
this Starbucks was here. Just
as
it's lit up right now, it was
nighttime
when the Tribulation
happened.
Just as it is lit up right here,
all of
it
was just like that. It was lit up
and I could see it, but there was
lightning in the sky. Just like it's a
cloudy night tonight, there was a
ton of lightning.
Sometimes when you're seeing in the
spirit realm, what you're seeing doesn't
exist yet, but just hold on; it's
going to manifest.
It took years for what
I saw to start to happen, and now we're
seeing it: the alien visitations,
the
things that happened in Miami not too
long ago, and all kinds of things
taking
place over, I believe,
New York. They had some kind of unidentified
object show
up there.
They're
talking about aliens,
and Jesus warned this
would
start to take place. I told you
this would be one of the
signs of His return. Watch as they
talk about it
more,
because
we're going to see
some kind of manifestation of an alien
encounter. It's coming. I am
preparing you
for a great deception.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all. It
will
be a great deception, trying to
explain away to the world what happened
to the millions of people who disappeared in
the Rapture. That's what they're
going to do. They're going to
say aliens came and those people were punished for
being in
rebellion
because they were taken. They were
vaporized or gone—we don't
know—but
'aliens got
them.'They're
going to have to come up with an
excuse for where all these people
disappeared. That's when they
will
introduce the Mark of the Beast
and
bring in a one-world system.
When millions of
people—if
not a billion, as
I believe—disappear
all of a sudden,
what is that going to do to
the financial system
and
the sanity of the world? People are
going to go crazy because everyone
will be
freaking out, asking, 'Where did all the kids
go?'I
told you all: the kids
below the age of 15 disappear.
Even if they were not born again, there
was mercy on them.
People say, 'Well, I don't agree with
the age of accountability.'But that's what
I saw: it was 15 and below.
They all disappeared in the Rapture
of the
church. All those families will
be
looking for those children because
they've
disappeared.
I'm telling you, it's coming.
Jesus is coming. I hope your heart
is
right before Him. I hope this video
shook you a little bit, because that's
what it's meant to do.
When
the
Antichrist brings in a system,
the chip
will be a form of Neuralink.
I've warned everybody;
I do not believe it's Neuralink
altogether, but it is a type of
Neuralink.
It's a chip they will inject
into your hand or your forehead.
I saw that it communicates to Starlink.
Starlink and Neuralink are all going to
work together
with the Mark of the Beast,
which
will be digital.
I hope you are listening to me. It's
coming.
Starlink did not exist when I had the
visitation,
nor
did Neuralink.
I'm trying to tell you, I saw the
communication of the satellites and the
drones they will use to
maintain
a police state throughout the
world. You will not be able to buy,
sell, trade, or do anything without
the mark on your hand or your forehead.
I saw people trying to mock the
Mark of the Beast. They use these
drones by the tens of
thousands, flying in the sky to monitor
everyone. If you do not have the
Mark of the Beast to tell that drone
that you have
an
allegiance to the Antichrist,
they send the authorities to you. The
drone stays on you until the
authorities arrive and give you a
choice. You either accept the mark and
pledge
allegiance to the
Antichrist, or they cut your head off
right there.
There are no second
chances;
you can't get away.
You either
have the mark or you die.
It's done.
Do you understand how serious this is?
As I was in the Tribulation with the
Lord, there were so many Christians
who
were left behind. They thought they were right
with God, but they were not.
So many of them lived a
compromising lifestyle.
The Lord told me,
'The grace message has ruined the
church.
This
soupy, watered-down grace—once saved,
always saved—is not right.
They must turn from their wicked
ways.'Brandon,
it's not about works,
but it's not about going back to the vomit
you said you repented from. There
is
so much of this watered-down,
soupy grace. I saw
pastors and people who had preached
that—preached
that you could live
however
you wanted.
I won't mention any names. I saw people
on TBN and Daystar
who
were preaching the gospel on a
daily
basis and had a TV program every
day, but
they
were left
behind.
The people who were listening to
them were ready to string them up and
hang them in the
town square. That's what the Christians
were
that were listening. They were
furious and trembling. I knew people
who
were left behind, and they were so
upset they were flipping off the Lord
because they were left during the
Rapture and weren't taken. They
were so angry.
They looked for the preachers
who
had taught them
and killed them
just
like that.
There was no grace.
The Lord said, 'To whom
much is given, much is required.
You didn't warn my people what was
coming.'I
said, 'Lord, show me that
in scripture.'He
said,
'The
ten
virgins.'Five
had their lamps full of oil;
five did not.
They were all expecting him
and
knew he was coming,
but they weren't ready for
him.
Their hearts were far from him. They
didn't have their
oil.
'Can we borrow
some of your
oil?'You
can't make it on somebody else's
experience; you have to have an
experience for yourself.
You can't make it on your wife's oil or
your husband's oil. You must have oil
yourself. What is the oil? The oil of
the Holy Ghost. You must be filled with
and
controlled by the Holy Spirit in these
last days.
I
saw people that were left who had
compromising lifestyles. He said, "I
would rather you be hot or cold, but if
you're lukewarm, I spew you out of my
mouth."I
saw those people that were
spewed out of his mouth
and they were furious that they were
here.
They all gathered together
and
started to go to the mountains and to
the hills because they knew what was
coming.
They dug foxholes in
the sides of the mountains
in Colorado, Arkansas,
Missouri, and all
through
the Smokies, trying to have a community.
As soon as the drones
started flying,
they would know if there was a gunshot
noise
or
fire. They were trying to live off a
campsite, and they would come and
survey and scan the area and look
for whoever had the mark.
If you didn't have it, the
moment they saw smoke or fire,
or
heard a gunshot noise while you were trying to
live off the land,
they would just hover there until the
authorities came.
I saw them digging huge holes in the
side, trying to make little bitty fires
just to stay alive because it was so
cold.
I'm talking weather like we've never
seen before is coming in the
tribulation. You think, "Oh, we'll be able to
survive, Brandon.
You'll
be able to live off
the land if you get left."Good luck.
I saw the earth was travailing with
volcanic activity, plagues, pestilence,
major storms, and tsunami waves. I told
you I saw the four angels and they were
saying, "woe, woe, woe"to the
earth. Remember those? That adds to it.
And there was dead fish everywhere.
You won't be able to eat fish. There's
no fish in the ocean to eat; they're all
dead.
I saw dead fish by the
millions,
I would even say maybe in the billions,
floating on top of the water.
So you think you will just live off
the
land? No, there's something that
happens to all the fish.
They're all dead,
so you have no fish to eat.
The bacteria and the stink and the
stench from all the dead fish
is
grotesque. You can smell it
for miles
all on the shores. Dead fish everywhere:
whales, sharks, octopuses, whatever you
can think of. They're all dead.
Fish that you've never seen before,
dead.
Most people say, "Well, we can live
through that."Good luck.
I'm trying to tell you what's coming.
We're not there yet.
As I saw the mark of the beast and
the things coming, people
were so desperate to get medical
care. They tried
to mock the mark of the beast because it
leaves a huge boil on your hand.
I saw a massive boil
that was a huge, infectious-looking,
nasty thing that it left on your hands.
Your body had a reaction to it.
It was a huge boil on your head or
your hand, and it looked like
you could
lose your hand. That's how bad and nasty it was.
Your body was in
rebellion to it. But the moment they got
the chip, it created a peace over
your mind.
It changed you
from the inside
out—a
demonic change. You were no longer
able to think freely. You became like a
robot, like a zombie.
The moment that chip comes into your
body, it sends endorphins to your brain.
The Bible says that people
will try to seek death and they won't be
able to find it. I saw why.
Because the moment the chip comes into
your hand,
it brings peace to you and you can't
hurt yourself.
I saw people trying to jump off bridges,
and the moment they thought
it, it sent an endorphin to the brain
to calm them down.
It made it where you couldn't do
anything to harm yourself.
Everybody, even those mowing the grass, looked
like zombies walking around.
I saw
the Christians that were left
here who were not right
with the Lord.
They were trying to go and gather food
from the fields from farmers.
I could see them going at night
because they couldn't go in the day.
They moved around at night to try
to raid farmers'fields. But if the
farmers
saw you,
they had to call the authorities
immediately.
The farmers had dogs,
and I saw they had
little.22s.
They didn't have
AR-15s anymore. I
don't know what happens to America in
the days ahead, but we don't
have the Second Amendment like we used
to.
Something happens to the Second
Amendment.
I didn't see why,
but nobody had any firearms.
They would set concrete pillars in
the roads to try to stop the
Hummers. I saw them with Hummers
that
had blue lights in the back,
and
they
would be on the lookout to find
the Christians or the people who were
rebellious against the Antichrist.
This
lasted several years.
They would come to you and
give you a
decision: either you take the
mark... I saw a family of five.
When you have a baby—and I'll say this
again, I want you to really pay
attention to this because I get email
after email saying, "Brandon, you said all
the children would be gone."Listen, if you
have a baby in the tribulation, you are
still going to have that child here because the
rapture has
already happened.
There is no...
I never saw a second or third rapture.
All I saw was what I saw, and I'm
telling you what I saw. I saw all of the
babies and the families that had
children. I saw these kids that were
probably five years old. The
tribulation is seven years, so they're
three, four, five years old,
and I saw them suffering greatly.
People will still create
families;
people think life
stops, but
no. It's seven years of
hell. Seven
years of tribulation.
People
think
the
first three and a
half
years won't be too bad,
but
no, it's
all bad.
Just the latter three and a half years
are
even
worse,
but it's all bad.
Regardless of what you think, no one
has ever seen anything like this before. Look
at
World War I
and
World War II with Hitler killing the Jews. Look at all
the
major wars. No time on earth
has ever been like what you're about to see
with the weather,
the signs of the times,
and
all kinds of fearful sights
with asteroids and all this stuff.
No generation has ever seen everything
combined at one time.
We may have an event here and
there—maybe
a tsunami, an earthquake, or a
solar
flare—but
you're about to see
back-to-back
major events taking place like
a heartbeat.
So many people are so
blinded
that they think they'll be okay
and they'll be able to live through
it.
No, it's literal.
I
saw people trying to create the
mark of the beast on their
hand—that
mark, that boil—so
they could
pretend they had it.
They would
come to major military
barricades, and you would have to go to
these places to check in to
enter
the city. If you didn't go
through these barricades, they
wouldn't
allow you in because of
the fences
and makeshift barriers. And they
scan you
with a device. If
you're trying to fake the mark, they cut
your head off right there. They don't even
give you a second chance because of
rebellion and
deceit.
But if you had it, they allowed you into
the town to buy food.
These men were always scanning the
people.
A lot of people ask, "Brandon,
do
you think that the COVID shot was
the mark of the
beast?"No,
it's just part of
the desensitizing to get you there.
But the Lord said right before I close all of
this—because
this is going
on way too
long—let
me see; it's
been
55 minutes, and I'm trying to
keep it under an hour.
I saw
the major part of
whenever he's at the abomination of
desolation in the new Third Temple.
I saw the Third Temple; I can tell you
what it looks like. It's absolutely
beautiful.
When they build the new Third Temple in
Jerusalem,
I saw the Antichrist there.
I saw the Pope on one
side and a man in black on the other.
Both people were standing beside
him, and he stands
with awe on a platform up here while the
people are worshiping below. I
saw what looked like Greek columns
around him and lightning was going on,
and he
proclaimed that he was God. I'm
telling you folks, I saw lightning shoot
all around. People say, "Brandon,
who did you
see?"In
my
opinion—and
I have to say
this is for entertainment purposes only
because of what happened this last
week—I
believe it's MBS.
That's my opinion:
Mohammed
bin Salman.
I'm just stating my opinion, and I
believe this.
All that to say, folks,
we're not there yet.
All the things
I'm trying to warn you about, even
people trying to live in
caves
and
build a little fire to
survive
while drones fly in the
sky by the tens of
thousands—it's
not meant for any of us to go
through this. God is not a
wife beater.
Most people think we go through the
whole tribulation, but God is not a wife
beater. He's not mad at us.
We chose sin; we choose hell.
Unless a man is born again, he
cannot enter the kingdom of God.
This is the wrath to come,
but we're not there yet.
The greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen is about to hit
this planet.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Every single one of you
tonight, if you've never accepted
Jesus Christ as your Lord and
Savior, you're running out of time.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment.
There's a heaven to gain
and a hell to shun.
If you're here tonight and you're
saying, "Brandon, I would love to
accept Jesus Christ. I don't want to go
to hell or through the
tribulation,"I
truly believe
we're almost there.
We're about to see a major plague hit
this earth. There are major shakings coming to
awaken the earth because he's
leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Right now, judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first. He said,
"Brandon, in 2026 and 2027, you're about to
see a shaking in my church.
I'm cleaning up all
the
corruption."There's
a great falling away. Many
people will say, "This is an Ichabod
that you're about to
see,"but
it's not an Ichabod.
What's an Ichabod, Brandon? It means God has
departed. He has not departed. He said
he'll never leave you
nor
forsake you;
he'll be with you always. But
there is a cleaning of the church
coming
in
2026 and 2027. There is a major
shaking to awaken coming.
You must know there are terrorists
throughout this land who have been let
in through the
Biden administration and
others;
they have infiltrated our land by
the thousands.
You think we're safe, but
there's a Red Dawn
experience coming to America,
and the Lord said it will shake us to
awake us.
It's only by the
grace of God we haven't seen anything
yet.
All of this is leading up to a major
revival
that will implement a new virus that
will make COVID look like a walk in the
park.
The plague will be released in
Europe first,
through
rats
and
AI technology.
I'm not
trying to scare you; I'm trying to
prepare you.
We're at
the end of all of this, and Jesus is
coming.
Things are escalating like you
wouldn't believe. Through 2026, 2027,
and
2028, you're going to have to pinch
yourself because of how much things
will
change.
I pray that he comes back before the
next Shemitah cycle,
but if not, we occupy until he
comes.
Right before
I was taken back into my
body, I was on the edge of heaven and
saw
chariots
of fire.
The Lord said, "Do
you see all those giftings on
those chariots of fire with the angels?
You're about to see something
on
this earth that you've never seen
before."I
saw a major wave of the glory of God
at its breaking
point, about to flood the earth
for the greatest harvest of souls.
I saw Asia lit up with golden
streams, along
with
North Korea and America. There
were so many lights of people who
had
given their hearts to Jesus.
But I saw a major shaking coming.
He said, "Right before I come, Brandon,
they're going to try to have a great
alien
deception."These
are
not real aliens;
they're
demons.
In the days before I come,
they will talk about aliens all the
time. There
will
be a false encounter
that will shake the nations.
It looked like a log
creature, about twelve
feet
tall. They
are
Nephilim,
as in the days of Noah. There
are
going to be fearful
sights that will bring
you to your knees.
They will
interview
it on TV
and
explain away the rapture,
saying
the
aliens took
rebellious
ones.
This is how the Antichrist
explains
where everybody went.
It's
a
great
demonic
deception.
As you see it
on the news,
they have to explain where
everyone
went.
So, tonight's your
night.
If you're watching this
and
saying, "Brandon, you
have just scared the bejesus out of
me,"you
are
in great blessing. Jesus is
knocking on the door of your heart
tonight.
But he's coming again,
and that's what we're about to see.
Jesus came once 2,000 years ago,
and now he's about to come again.
And the Lord said, "I don't want you to
talk about Christmas, Brandon. I want
you to tell them I am coming again.
I came once 2,000 years ago, son, and
I'm coming again."Give them a chance to
repent and turn from their wicked ways.
So tonight, I give you an opportunity
to accept, my friend.
Will you be born again?
Will you confess Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior? You're running
out of time.
As I tell you these things and
you're here tonight, it's not by
coincidence. It's not by accident.
You didn't just click on this video and
say, "I'm just
bored."You
were drawn here by the Holy Spirit,
and he's knocking on the door of your
heart.
No one comes to the Father unless he's
drawn by him.
And right now on this beautiful
Christmas night, he's knocking on the
door of your heart saying, "Will you let
me in?
Will you make me
your Lord and personal
Savior?"If
you're here tonight and you've never
done that, or maybe you might be the one
that's backsliding—you used to be on
fire for God, you used to be excited
about being a Christian, but because of
all the bombardment of the world in
these end times and all the heaviness of
everything,
you've
walked away from what you used to know.
You went back to the vomit that you
turned away from whenever you were on
fire before.
And tonight's your night to be like the
prodigal.
God's never turned his back on you; you
turned your back on him.
Just like the prodigal son. His father
was ready with a robe and was
ready to kill the fatted calf. And he
said, "My son is coming home."He could
see him running in the distance as the
son came to himself or the daughter
comes to himself, and you're laying in
the pit of your despair, and
you're that pig right now in
that pigpen,
and you're looking at yourself
saying, "What have I done with my life?
Why am I in this place where I'm
at right
now?"I
must go back to my father.
I want you to make that decision right
now, tonight, to come back to the Father.
So I'm going to say a simple prayer,
and it doesn't have to be
all religious. I'm the most unreligious
person you will ever meet; I'm all about
relationship, and we will continue to be
about relationship.
But if I don't give you the opportunity
to accept Jesus tonight, may your blood
be on my hands. But I'm not going to
stand before the Father and say, "Why
didn't you give them opportunity,
Brandon, to accept me? I'm
coming."So,
I want you to say this prayer.
Jesus died for you publicly; now I
want you to be public about your
decision. I want you to put in the
comment section right now: "I want to be
saved.
I'm
coming back to Jesus
tonight. I want to come home."I don't
want to go to hell; I don't want to go
to a devil's hell. I'm going to go to
heaven with Jesus, but I'm not going to
live in compromise anymore. I'm selling
out to Jesus tonight.
If this is speaking to you and you feel
those butterflies, you feel nervous,
that's the Holy Spirit stirring
you. Tonight's your night. Even as you
watch this, Jesus Christ wants to make
you
free from all that bondage.
So say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son
of God. I believe you died for me and
you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
I ask you to wash me.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on
the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I make
you my Lord and personal Savior.
Father, I ask you to help me.
I ask you, Father, tonight to make me
strong against the sin and all the
things that I used to do.
I can't do this on my own.
I ask you, Father, right now to invade
my life.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to
you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
I want to be saved
and I'll serve you from this day forward
in the name of Jesus. Thank you for
forgiving me.
Thank you Lord for washing me clean
in Jesus'name. Amen and amen."I believe
if you just said that prayer, you just
gave your heart to Jesus and you're a
born-again
Christian.
Brandon, that's so simple. Yes, he made
it so a 5-year-old could do it.
He didn't want to make it hard; he
wanted it to be where the heart
confession is made
for
salvation.
So, what do you do now? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. I want you to go
to a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Go on a Sunday, a Wednesday, go to
prayer group.
You get plugged in at church.
Go and tell the pastor,
"I need to be water baptized."Go get
water baptized. Come pray with us. We
try to do it every day, but through
this Christmas season, I've taken some
time with my family.
Find a Bible, pray every day,
and that's the Christian life.
Now, if you fall down and skin your knee
and you mess up again, you run to God
when you sin; you don't run away from
him. And the moment you confess your
sins is not when God found out about it;
that's when you got rid of it.
So, I want you to know he's not there
just condemning you or beating you up. He
wants to love on you. But we have to
make a choice and say, "Jesus, tonight I
want to sell out to
you."We
want to celebrate your
decision tonight and get in the Bible.
If you just said that
prayer and you don't have a Bible, then
we want to send you one for free just
to bless you and celebrate with you this
new walk that you have with the Lord.
If you go down into the description
below, you will find our email address.
If you put in the title "I need
a Bible"and put your name and your
address in
the body of the email and then send that
to us, we will get you a Bible for free
in the mail just to celebrate
with you. I know
all of heaven is rejoicing with you;
it's the best decision you'll ever make
in your life.
It's a new thing, so excited
for y'all.
Seventy
people so far?
Welcome to the family. Praise God.
All seventy of you, give your heart to Jesus
Christ tonight. Welcome to the family;
that's wonderful. All heaven is
rejoicing and hell is saying, "We
just lost a good
sinner."That's
what the devil said
tonight.
Heaven's rejoicing. Angels are having a
party
on this Christmas
night.
Praise the Lord.
That didn't take too long, did it?
I tried really hard to not keep you
all too late. If you want to go tubing
with us—we always call it prayer
time—we'll
go tubing and pray. If not, we
don't have to pray tonight because I know
you probably want to be with your
families. But the Lord told me to
come on and tell you about this and
tell you what's coming.
Seventy-two
people?
Did y'all have a good night?
Do
you have a Merry Christmas?
Do you have any questions?
You need a
refreshing
right now. Amen.
Want
me to
pray
with you?
How did you walk with the
revelation?
Just every day. It's every day you
come to him.
Even whenever I was going
through the hardest times of my life,
I just press in even harder.
I listen to a lot of teaching tapes with
brother Kenneth E. Hagin and I
stir myself up and I just keep
on it.
Brother Hagin was the foundation of
our word walk.
Listening to Brother Hagin changed our
life.
I would have to say Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin, and prayer, love,
and
all the teachings that he has on YouTube
now at this ministry. I encourage
anybody to listen to those over and
over. Faith cometh by hearing and
hearing by the word of God. The only
thing that's ever going to change you is
not miracles, signs, or wonders, but
the word of God.
You must have a revelation and a
foundation of the word inside of your
heart for what's coming. You can see
many miracles,
signs, or angels, but
the only thing that's ever going to
change you is the word.
The word is priority and foundation in
any believer's life—not an experience,
vision,
or dream. The word changes you from
the inside out.
I think it's interesting because you
think as many cool things as we've seen
would make your faith
increase.
But sometimes things happen
and
you can doubt it.
You must have a foundation of
the
word. Faith cometh
by hearing and hearing by the word of
God.
The only way faith
comes is by the word of God.
It didn't say faith cometh by seeing a
miracle
or
having a visitation from
Jesus. No, faith cometh by hearing and
hearing the word of God.
That's the Bible.
You look pretty on here.
The drones are flying around you.
You want to change it? You want to
change?
Yeah, you can change it.
It is creepy.
Well, I just wanted to get the point
across so they would know what's coming.
There's a lot of people on here tonight
asking about pets, too.
William Branham talked about pets in
heaven, and Sister
Billye
Brim talks about pets in heaven.
Then one of her guest speakers
talked about it.
I can honestly tell you I
don't know anything about it, so I
can't speak into that about
pets going to heaven. But there
are
people that talk about it and say that
their pets go to heaven. I would be
excited about it. God
gives you the desires of your
heart
and they're your friends. I
love our fur babies, don't you?
I don't think God's going to go, 'Well,
bye, Fluffy.
Enjoy tribulation while your
master goes up there.'He loves our fur
babies just as
the Bible says that he knows the sparrows of the air and the
lily
of the valley. He's over all
of it. He knows exactly what our
heart is
crying out for. Don't let Fluffy go
through the tribulation.
Bring Fluffy with us, Lord, our little
fur baby.
He knows where your heart is. Now, I
can't back that with scripture, but
I know that
if God is a good God and he loves
you enough that he gives
your heart's desire to you, how much
more will he do that for you?
Someone
asked,
'When do you think the wealth
transfer will happen?'I believe that
it started happening this year. I'm
believing God for 2026. I'm believing
Trump's going to have some kind of cool
plan and we're going to see a wealth
transfer, in my opinion, before we see
some craziness because we have
to get the money around so that we can
build the building and get stuff
ready
for what I saw coming.
I don't really think people
realize how bad it's going to get.
The birthing pains,
labor pains, the beginning of
sorrows—what
does that look like?
To me,
it takes money.
It takes tens of millions of
dollars to do ministry as it is,
with all the things you see
like
food
and buildings.
Right now, with inflation as high as
it is, it's even more money.
Even with the craziness of the tariffs and
the cars and all the things going on
with that, there's a lot going
on. I'm believing God
that we will owe no man anything but
to love him, and we won't be caught off
guard. We know
what's coming. We know the signs of the
times. We know where we're at. I'm
believing God that Trump has a plan to
bring in the wealth transfer. I'm
praying for the dinar,
cryptos,
gold, and silver to shoot up like a
rocket so that it will be a
supernatural wealth transfer and we
don't have to struggle at all.
Now, is everybody going to participate
in that? I don't believe that. If you
haven't been faithful with little, how
is he going to make you ruler over much?
This isn't a lottery.
If you aren't listening and hearing
him, and if you're not tithing off of
your $10, how can he give you $10,000,
10 million, or 100,000 if he can't even
trust you to give off your 10 bucks?
God's not going to give you something
that's going to destroy you and pull
you away from him. If you're not rooted
in love
and
faith, knowing how to give
so
it shall be given unto you—good measure,
pressed down, shaken together, running
over—I
do not
qualify for a financial wealth transfer
if I'm not a giver with little.
How do you qualify? You are a giver, and
he said, 'I love a cheerful
giver.'Be
someone
who is rooted in the word and
is not going to go off and say, 'Well, I
got my money. I'm going out here
to
have a
party.'Are
you sold out to Jesus?
That's the bottom line. That's
what's
going to qualify you for the wealth
transfer. Are you sold out? If God
told you to give it away, could you
give it away and not question it?
He has
already told you to give a tithe off of that
$10. It's a buck. If you're going,
'I can't give that
dollar,'then
how are
you going to give away $10,000 or
tithe
off of 100,000?
If you can't do it off of a buck,
you can't do it off of 10 or 100. If
you have
$100 and you have to give
10 bucks, some people say, 'I don't even
believe in
tithing.'Then
what makes you qualified for the
wealth transfer?
Give to your local church. Whoever's
feeding you spiritually is where you
give. But make sure they're feeding you
well.
Make sure you have fat on your
bones,
that you're spiritually obese
for
Jesus—not
physically obese, but
spiritually obese for Jesus.
Be filled and controlled by the Holy
Ghost.
If
you're not getting fed where you're
at,
run. Don't give where you're not getting
spiritually fed. If
the pastors are taking care of you and
praying over you, bless that church.
Help them with the work
they're doing
to
reach the lost for Jesus.
People think it's
free. We worked at our church; it was
17,000 a month just for the electric
bill.
TV lights
are expensive,
and people don't realize it.
We had a lot of tippers.
They give
a
quarter, and maybe that's all
they had—praise God. But some
of those people were making
a
million dollars a year and
they think they did something if they
gave $10,000.
Brother,
don't flatter yourself;
you make millions of dollars.
I try not to touch this stuff
because people get ticked off,
but it's the truth
and where we are in the end times. If
you don't have a backbone like a
crowbar,
you're going to be swayed by every
doctrine.
And I told you,
even while I was
praying—remember,
I warned you about a celebrity
coming
that would come on the scene and profess
Christianity in the days ahead.
There
would be a really big
A-list
celebrity,
and they're going to tell everybody that
Jesus is Lord and everything's great.
And the young people are
going to be so excited:
"They're giving their heart to
Jesus. We can listen to everything they
say."And
then they start coming out with the
universal gospel: "There's more than one
way to get to heaven other than Jesus
Christ. Jesus is not the only
way."And
the moment they say that, it's a
doctrine of demons.
I'm
telling you, there's great deception
coming.
And what is interesting is
that
certain people that are pretty or supposedly have
a relationship with the Lord,
and we follow so blindly just because
they have a pretty face and a figure or
money,
and you look at them and go, "They're so
far gone."They don't know God. They
wouldn't know the Holy Ghost if he came
with HG and a red hat and the Holy
Ghost angel choir was behind
him.
They wouldn't. But the thing
is that most of the body of Christ right
now are looking for something
that's authentic. And they're looking,
and I understand. But there's great
deception coming.
And the Lord already warned us,
"Brandon, you're going to see great
deception with these people in the days
ahead."You
must not be swayed just because they
come out and say "Jesus is Lord"one time.
Watch their fruit.
See if they're fruity.
If they're fruity, follow them.
If they're salty, follow them.
But let them have some time to get salty
and fruity
before you just jump on the train.
Don't follow the train that's leading
off the cliff.
Boy,
I
tell you what, he has the swag; I'm
going
to listen to him. And you go,
"Well, where are we
going?"Get
somebody that is rooted in the word
of God and follow them first.
They may not be the prettiest. They
might not be the smartest, but they're
rooted in the word.
You understand?
So, that's what we got to do in these
last days.
And not everybody who says they hear God and
follow
the voice of God is
really doing it. The Bible says that you
have to be discerning.
Don't just follow everybody in what they
think. And they say, "Well, I'm
prophetic this; I'm prophetic."I don't
care what they say. If it doesn't line
up with the word of God and tell
us
where we are in the end times, run.
Find the foundation of the word of God
for yourself.
You can hear God for yourself. It's like
Diana and I talk about all the time.
You don't need me. You need Jesus.
Run from all this
drama. Follow Jesus. And hopefully our
channel, we just keep praying and
doing these things and keep leading you
to trying to pull people out of hell
like this.
70-some
people get born again. I'm
excited about that.
That's a good Christmas for me.
To me, that was worth
it all.
He's leaving the 99 to go after
the 72.
Praise God.
So, is that all? I can pray with y'all
just a little bit. I
didn't really have anything else. I
was
just trying
to—if
you want me to show
that AI, whatever that was,
I'll
do it next time. Okay, go ahead.
They said did you know silver was over
$72 an ounce?
I didn't know that.
Father, we just thank you for
the body. Who wants
to take communion? Father, we thank you
for the body. We thank you,
Lord, that you died for us. You rose
again. I praise you, Father, for my
family. I plead the blood of Jesus over
us. I thank you, Father, that we are
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost. And we thank you, Lord, that
we're healed by you, Father, that you
took all our sickness, all our disease
on us, and nothing shall by any means
hurt us. I thank you, Father, that we're
healed by your stripes. Diana's healed,
Braden, my children. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the body was broken
and beaten for us. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we were wounded for our
transgressions. You were bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our
peace was upon you, and with your
stripes, Lord, we're healed. And we take
this body in the name of Jesus. And we
thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done and all that you continue to do in
the name of Jesus.
Amen. Amen.
Lord, thank you for Christmas.
Thank you, Lord, for what you did for
us.
Thank you, Father, for how beautiful
you are to our house.
Thank you, Lord, that we're
healed. Thank you, Lord, that we're
whole. We plead the blood of Jesus over
us. And we take the blood in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us. And we take this blood in
Jesus'name
from the top of our head to
the soles of our feet. We are washed and
we're cleansed. And we thank you, Lord,
that good days are ahead of
us. Blessed days are ahead of us. And we
thank you, Lord, for it in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Father, we just worship you.
I plead the blood over any visions or
anything you want to show me today,
Lord. If not, Father, we
just worship you and say happy birthday.
We're so grateful
for all that you've done and all that
you're going to do.
Unless a man is born again, Lord, we
cannot enter the kingdom of God. And
we're so grateful, Father, that
we're
sold out to you.
That to be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord. The moment we
take our last breath on this earth, we
are
seated with you.
Already on this earth, we're seated with
you, Father.
And we're so grateful.
We're so grateful that every
single person who's here tonight
has joy unspeakable and full of glory.
That they're expecting
big things in 2026.
That we just have a couple more days
left of 2025.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
2026 will be the year that will be
exceedingly abundantly above all that
they dare ask or think. We're calling
forth a mighty harvest of souls.
This would be the greatest year we've
ever had for souls in Jesus'name. We
call forth the harvest of souls in
Jesus'name.
For the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few.
We're calling them
in in
Jesus'name.
Every person we come across, Father,
may
Jesus be shown on our
faces and that people would see it and
say, "Man, what is it about
you?
What must I do to be
saved?"I
thank you, Lord, that signs and
wonders will follow them that believe.
Father, that we're believing
believers. We're not doubters. We're
overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and
by the word of our testimony. We believe
that tonight, Father, that light is
shining in us. That
the love of God is shed
abroad in our heart by the Holy Ghost. Love is
king. Love is our foundation. Love takes
no account of a suffered wrong.
We thank you, Lord, for the love.
Love bears up under anything and
everything.
We thank you, Lord, that those that
persecute us, we love on them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we
get
an opportunity every day to
show the love of God and love of
Christ to everybody around us.
Father, it isn't always easy to the
flesh, but Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we're led by the spirit, not by
our flesh.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord for our president,
Father, for this nation, that this will
be a nation of great financial blessing.
Father, we call forth the blessing of
the Lord over our
household, over the ministries,
and
over all the
ministry.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the
blessing and the favor of God is on us.
Father, that we lack no good thing. We
call forth the blessing over the
households that are represented here
tonight. Father, that they would reap
back a hundredfold return on every seed
they sow, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Father, the sowers and the
reaper
will go hand in hand. They
will
not lack anything. Father,
whatever they put their hands to
will prosper in the name of
Jesus. We call their seeds to
reap a harvest at last. We call forth
abundance to the full until it overflows
in Jesus'name. Father, this will
be a time of increase like
they've always believed for. Father,
2026 will be a time of great
acceleration, not going back but
going forward. This
would
be the year of the rocket ship,
Father, that we would take off in 2026.
Father, it will be the greatest
year we've ever experienced in the name
of Jesus. I thank you, Lord, that in
this year, Father, we call us forth
into
that cleft of the rock. No
weapon—a
thousand shall fall at our side and ten
thousand at our right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh us. I thank you, Lord,
that you are the God of more than
enough. Father, you are
Jehovah Jireh. Father, you're El Elyon,
the Most High. I thank you, Lord, that
you're
the God that will supply
all our needs according to your riches
and glory by Christ Jesus. We thank you,
Lord, that we're healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus. We lack
no good thing in our bodies. The
body is whole from the top of our head
to the soles of our feet. Delivered and
healed
from cancers, diabetes, heart
disease, Father, even back pain. We
thank you, Lord, that they're healed and
whole and well in their backs in
Jesus'name.
Over their lungs, over their minds; no
dementia, no Alzheimer's comes
no autism. We thank you, Lord, that the
healing, wholeness, and wellness is
over their minds in the mighty name of
Jesus. They live long and finish
strong.
Father, we thank you, Lord,
that this is a time like we've never
seen before for the church to come out
and be more salty, to be more fruity.
Father, we bear much fruit.
Father, we
change the root to display the fruit.
I thank you, Lord, that the pastors,
the evangelists, the teachers, and the
five-fold ministry will come out in the
name of Jesus and have a backbone like a
crowbar. Standing, Father, in the name
of Jesus and preaching repentance behind
the
pulpit,
preaching the second coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. They would wake up in
Jesus'name.
I thank you, Lord, for a shaking to
awaken.
Hold fast.
Hold fast
to my face.
Hope in
the Lord.
Have a storehouse
for a blessing.
Have a storehouse bank account for a
blessing. I'll bless your storehouse.
I'll bless your overflow.
But give it by faith.
Open a storehouse account
as you believe me for bigger in 2026.
Believe me for bigger,
for I'm coming so soon.
For
multitudes
will
see.
Multitudes
grow
fast.
I see buildings
full
of
people.
Write the
vision down and make it plain
so you run by it.
Write the vision down.
I see money coming
in
unexpected ways. Don't
box me in.
He said, "Don't box him in.
It has to come through this
way, it has to come through that
way."Don't
box me in.
He's talking about the
spring. I can see the spring.
Believe me for all that you need in your
budget before even the first quarter of
2026, for the whole year.
Believe me for the budget for 2026
in the first quarter of the year
and the rest to
be
overflow. For a
storehouse I will fill to overflow.
Believe me for big concerning 2026 and
the budget.
I don't know who that's for.
Everything you need for your
ministry, for your house, for the
first quarter, for the first three months of
2026. Believe me for that and I'll bring
it to pass.
Give
and
stretch yourself to believe for more.
How in the world would that
happen? It's time for the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think.
For the sower and the reaper are
going to go hand in hand. The
reaper and the sower are going to go
hand in hand.
That's what he
says.
I see the sower and the seed, but it's on
the heels. It's
supernatural growth.
Fast!
Start to believe me for fast!
You're so
used to sowing and time,
sowing and time,
and you get weary in well-doing. Start
believing me for seed harvest.
Believe me for that fast, for it's an
accelerated time, for I'm coming soon.
Believe me for accelerated harvest,
sweatless victories,
sweatless manifestation,
not toil.
There's no toil
when there is an anointing to prosper
and an anointing to increase,
an anointing of overflow.
Abraham
got the blessing and he didn't have to
toil.
No one could say
that they made Abraham rich, only God.
Unexpected income,
unexpected
increase,
but it's just by the favor.
Goodness and mercy are going to follow
you
all the days of your life.
Remember this. Start to believe for
that.
I yield to goodness and mercy.
I yield to the blessing.
I'm favored
wherever I go.
I walk in abundance. I walk in the
overflow. I lack no good thing.
And the multitudes will say...
He's referring to Deuteronomy 28.
All will see that you
are called by the Lord and
they will be afraid of you.
All will see that you're called by
the name and the presence of the Lord.
He's talking about the multitudes
there.
It's going to be seen
because he's going to overshadow people.
You're
going to see it.
You'll work with angels. There
will
be
angels on assignment. It's time to
utilize the angels.
He's talking to you.
It's
time for you to utilize the
angels
in
the days ahead. You're going to see
angels on assignment more than you've
ever seen before,
for the body of Christ will work
with angels.
You're going to see
manifestations of angelic visitation.
Do not idolize angels. They are on an assignment.
Their eyes are focused on the
Father
and he's going to give you favor with
governments.
He'll give you favor with
local governments,
going into missionary
ministry.
Great doors of opportunity are coming in
South America,
in
Brazil.
For the wealth of the sinner will be
laid up for the righteous.
You're going to see that
more and more. For the
church will walk in great favor and
goodness and mercy,
and it will be labor without sorrow.
Blessings without sorrow.
This is getting ready for the great seedtime
and
for
the great revival.
It's the jet fuel
for
growing
the kingdom
and walking in the overflow.
He
will
open the greater doors,
and
there
will
be
a multiplication on those
doors.
Clearly,
you will see.
No one can say they made you blessed
other than the Lord Jesus.
He said, 'I will
put it on their
hearts,'and
there
won't be a way to
get apart from it;
it
is
just favor.
When did I ever call you to be a beggar,
Church?
When have I ever called the Church to be a
beggar? He
is
talking about people begging for
money.
No,
begging is not believing. You're not a
believing believer; you're a beggar.
Don't you want to be a believing
believer and not a beggar?
Be quick to receive
just as much as you are quick to give.
Even whenever it's not something
that you were believing
for, that
is
somebody else's harvest that I'm
using you to get it through.
If it's something you have not been believing
for and someone walks up and gives it to
you,
it's somebody else's harvest. He is just
using you to be a steward over it to
give it there. It
is
not always about you
having what it is;
you are
the distribution center.
Do you understand what he is saying?
I see
a really nice green car,
and you'll go, 'I didn't want a green
car,'but
I'm thankful for it. But
God didn't want you to keep the green
car; he's just using you to get it to the person who is
believing
for it.
Don't always think it's your harvest;
you'll know when it's your harvest.
In these last days, I'm looking for
people who will be a distribution
center,
mature and grounded,
knowing
where it's supposed to go,
and there will be a great wealth flow.
It's the goodness of God that draws
men to
repentance—it's
the goodness and
my mercy.
For
there
will
be a great grace explosion
that
will
multiply
exceedingly.
He's talking about the
blessing—something
you didn't earn and something
you don't deserve.
If you listen to him on what
you're doing with your money,
you'll
see
it
is
just grace.
I see so much overflow in these
accounts.
Thank you, Lord,
for all that you have
in store. We will be on the right side
of the blessing.
Faith works by love.
Check your love walk and keep your love
tank full.
Be quick to repent and quick to walk in
love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Don't let the potholes
blow out your tires;
walk
in love.
The foundation is love.
I see people having ideas
that will seem like they
came
from
nowhere,
hit
you inside,
and become
a multi-million-dollar
idea.
It will be a God-inspired idea
that will make tens of millions.
It
is
just like
when you blow on
something,
like the Prayer of Jabez.
'Oh, that you bless me indeed.
You
increase my land. Enlarge my
territory
that I cause no
pain.'Enlarge
my territory;
increase my tent. It
is a
blowing on
something—a
supernatural increase.
Some will have ideas for computers
with finances
or
favor with ideas for
software.
Sweatless
victories—it's
not toil.
You just walk in and go, 'I don't even
know how this happened
other than it's just
God.'How
did I get here so quickly? It's
something you didn't deserve and didn't earn.
Wayward
children are coming home.
What the cankerworm has eaten, I
am
restoring back sevenfold.
Believe me for bigger.
You
will
get too expensive for the devil
to mess with
if you start calling him on it.
Everything the devil stole, I call back
in the name of Jesus.
You've
got to stand on your authority
and stand on your right,
seated
with me in the heavenly places.
Take
that rightful place
and say, 'Listen, that
is
my money. Give it back
plus extra.
You aren't stealing from me
or
my family anymore.
You are done here, sir. Get out in
Jesus'name.'Call
it back and then call a crop
failure over your negative seeds.
I repent for the seeds I sowed in the
past that were negative. Father, I
repent and I believe I'm a
believing believer. If I've got seeds
in the ground that are a bad harvest, I
ask, Father, for mercy.
I call crop failure in
Jesus'name.
I ask for mercy and then turn away
from it.
It's about the blessing. Everybody
is
experiencing Christmas, giving
out gifts. The Lord is trying to tell you
to believe for bigger.
Stretch yourself to believe for more.
2026.
Hallelujah. Well, I believe he's done. I
see
creative ideas—people while
they are
sleeping are going to get these
ideas.
Creative ideas to get wealth.
You'll go, 'Where did I
just figure that out?'It's like Albert
Einstein things, like the
law of
gravity,
E equals MC squared.
It just comes out of the Holy Ghost.
There
will
be
new mathematical
equations and formulas
that will come out of
your
sleep—supernatural
creative ideas and
mathematical equations that will solve
things.
It
is
all by
the grace
of God.
Creative ideas to make the car run
longer.
Creative ideas for
inventions—witty
ideas
for carburetors and things like that.
I
am
seeing
things for
creative ideas for making things better that
are
worth a
hundred-million-dollar
idea.
Don't ignore it. Write
it down.
You need to believe God for bigger.
Even create if He says, 'Make this and put
this in here.'You put
this seasoning and this seasoning in the
pot and you mix them together and you're
going, 'Man, that is the best-tasting
pie,'or
whatever, and you sell it to
start a pie company. I
don't know, I'm just seeing these ideas
coming out of seemingly nowhere. You
feel that? But it's by the power of the
Holy Ghost
for end-time harvest.
He's bringing
up—remember
that when we heard about the man? He said
he went in there and he charged
$10,000 for the idea and he
twisted that nut and he got this and he
was
able to figure out what was broken on
the piece of machinery. I don't know
why it's coming to me.
I can see when he tightened this, he
tightened that, and he goes, 'This cost
$10,000 to get this fixed.'It was by
Ford. Oh yes,
interchangeable parts.
Yeah,
Ford did it. It was the man that hired
Ford—I
mean, Ford hired him.
He was brilliant. He was one of Albert
Einstein's friends.
This
is what's going to
happen. Do you know how they had the
wave of the
Industrial Revolution and
you had all that, like Tesla—the brain
of
Tesla—and
all these
people? And they were real smart.
There's new waves of genius coming,
new waves of genius people
that are godly.
Not trying to say Elon Musk is not
godly, but he will be in
Jesus'name.
But I'm talking about godly inspired
minds,
so all glory to Jesus.
Hallelujah. Well, are you excited you
came tonight? I took you long enough
from your families. It's almost nine
o'clock.
Gives you enough time to kiss them
to
bed and tell them, 'Hey,
I'm leaving now,'or whatever. I
don't know. Give them a cookie. Kiss
your kids to bed
is
what I'm talking about.
Kiss your kids
goodnight.
Kissing your relatives—you don't want
kissing
cousins.
Sorry. No kissing cousins up in
here.
Good Lord,
Brandon.
Golly.
Well, praise the Lord. We're excited
you're here. We're thankful for every
single one of you. If you could, before
we close tonight, like, subscribe, click
the notification bell, and do everything you
can to help us with the algorithm. We
really appreciate every single one of
y'all. That's the biggest Christmas
present you could ever give us is by
promoting this gospel throughout the
whole world because we know Jesus Christ
is coming.
And when this gospel is made a witness
unto
all men, I'm telling y'all, we're
about to get out of here and He's
calling for North Korea right now. And
we're about to see the greatest harvest
of souls we've ever seen before. But
we're glad to be a part of
it. So if y'all could do that and
help us, that's the only thing we'll
ever ask of you. Thank you.
We're
almost to 600,000 people.
Isn't that wonderful?
I believe we'll bust it. We're going to
bust 600,000,
all to the glory of God. So, we love you.
Oh, it was Deuteronomy 2:25. Oh,
thanks.
Deuteronomy 2:25.
This is: 'This day I will begin to put the
dread of you and the fear of you upon
the nations under the whole heaven, who
shall hear the report of you and shall
tremble and be in anguish because of
you.'Is
that what you meant? That one? I
don't know, but it sounds good. I'll
take it. Deuteronomy
28:10. Then all people on the earth
will see you're called by the name of
the Lord and
they'll—yeah,
that's the right one. Sorry.
I picked
that one. You're good. No, you're
right. Sorry, you're right. That was
yours. Yours is right. Mine's wrong.
Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
Okay, never mind. Just
ignore it. Winner, winner,
chicken dinner.
Thank you for taking notes. And in
Proverbs 10:22, the blessing of the Lord
makes a person rich and adds no sorrow
with it.
Riches without sorrow.
So,
well, okay.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas everybody. God bless
you all. We'll see you again soon. Have
a great night and a Merry Christmas to
all and to all a good night.
Ho
ho
ho.
Bye-bye. We love you.